(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(After the group blind date...)
(of history major and civil construction major in 1999)
Follow the arrows.
I don't see them anymore.
Is someone playing a prank on me?
Hi, I'm Choi Ban Do from civil construction major.
We met at the group blind date.
Do you want to catch a movie with me?
Back then, we never calculated our moves.
We just reacted to whatever our hearts told us.
Our entire universe involved around the two of us.
Can't I take you home?
No way. You'll miss the last bus.
You have to go home for today.
Hey!
How did you get here?
I took a cab to give you something.
What?
I wanted to see you again anyway.
Let's take a look at your excuse.
Ban Do, are you okay?
Goodness, you're having a reaction already.
Why did you buy these?
Because you like them.
Allergy is nothing.
You sound like you could even pick stars for me.
If I could reach them,
I would pick all of them for you.
- Let's go. - Okay.
You really are something.
- Do you have money for a cab? - No.
Then how will you get home?
I'll just on home on foot.
What happened to the time when we were willing to pick...
the stars and moon for each other?
Where have those times...
and our hearts disappeared to?
Whereabouts are we standing now?
(Episode 9: Those Times We Had Been In Love)
What?
Why am I here?
Ban Do! Wake up!
Jin Joo.
Hey.
We're back.
Aren't we?
Where is Seo Jin?
Won't you sober up?
I'm not drunk.
I had a dream about...
Jin Joo.
Jin Joo. Ma Jin Joo!
Honey!
Honey...
Honey.
Get up already.
Aren't you going to school?
My goodness.
Mom. Take me with you to the mineral spring this weekend.
Okay.
- I'm going to class. - Bye.
She's spending a lot of time with you lately.
She's glued to your side.
She is. I know.
I guess it'll be crowded in the mountain this weekend.
Why don't we take Eun Joo too?
You aren't invited. She wants it to be just me and her.
- Without me? - Yes.
Why are you leaving me out?
No.
I'll go.
You and I are like thread and needle.
You aren't hers. You're mine.
My goodness.
- Oh, well. - Gosh.
(Increased suicide rate among 20's after IMF)
("Thanks Mom for giving birth to me, but life is too hard.")
Thank you.
Thank you for giving birth to me, Mom.
Is she...
(Dear Mom)
Mom, what are you doing?
Hey, look at this.
She's acting weird.
What?
She wrote a letter for you.
You don't think it's a suicide note, is it?
Suicide note? Are you crazy? That's absurd.
If it was, she wouldn't have addressed it to you.
Your birthday is coming up. I guess it's because of that.
My birthday?
Mom, I'm hungry.
I know she's your daughter,
but you shouldn't go through her room.
What? This is my house.
Why can't I go through her stuff?
Hi. Are you on your way to school?
Yes. There is nowhere else to be at this time.
Get in. I'm on my way to school too.
Well...
She even has a chauffeur?
Well, that jerk wouldn't have went after her if she was poor.
That jerk.
Thank you for the other day.
Don't mention it.
I wanted to get back at him anyway.
Did Hyun Seok get you too?
Nobody had it bad like me.
I can't sleep at night when I think of what he did to me.
I wouldn't have held it in,
if I didn't have to make ends meet.
That little jerk...
Don't take it from him anymore.
Of course not. I...
No.
I need to make a living for my family.
I'll help you not get bullied.
Pardon? What?
I can...
help you not get bullied.
What?
I see.
What's with her?
Why she acting shy?
Don't do it.
So are you feeling better now?
Yes, thanks to you.
- I'll go to the restroom. - Okay.
I got this.
I'll pay for it as a celebration of your new start in life.
Auntie. Bill, please.
All right.
Goodness.
- Gosh. - Hey.
You'll hurt yourself.
Who broke this?
This is from Thailand.
- I'm sorry, I... - Auntie.
I was just going to touch it, but I dropped it.
I'll be going on a business trip to Thailand in 13 years.
I'll buy you the same one then.
I promise.
You're so funny.
Let me clean this up.
This is a bit uncomfortable.
Don't feel awkward just because I'm your senior.
I'm not the type of woman...
to have prejudice against older woman or something.
Pardon?
Well, okay.
Do you...
have a girlfriend?
Pardon?
I don't have one, but...
- Good morning, director. - Good morning, director.
Hello.
Good morning.
I feel like having a durian,
the king of tropical fruit.
I'll go buy it, sir!
Are you still here?
Mrs. Choi is here.
- Good morning, Mrs. Choi. - Good morning, Mrs. Choi.
Honey.
No.
What?
It's nothing. Bye.
Snap out of it.
Ban Do, you can make money on your own.
Of course you can.
Jin Joo?
Did she see me? Gosh.
Did I do something wrong?
Why am I avoiding her?
Gosh.
What's up with him?
You should watch where you are going!
Goodness. Are you blind?
My shoes.
I'm sorry, I...
Don't you dare touch me.
Do you know how much this costs?
You can't buy it even if you sold your body.
Hey.
- "Hey"? - Let me handle this.
How can you talk to a younger person like that as an elder?
How expensive is it?
Is it more expensive than a person?
You don't know what she's going to become in the future.
Who are you?
How dare you speak to me like that? You look younger than my son.
Let me tell you something as a person who also has a child.
If you care so much for your child, respect others' children as well.
It's because of people like you that even the kind moms...
are considered to be malicious.
Malicious?
But come to think of it,
why do you keep talking down to me?
I...
It's not like that.
It's not like that. Why are you doing this to your mom?
I didn't do anything wrong. It was her fault.
Let me go!
Gosh.
Hey! Hey! Let me go!
Why are you doing this... Why are you doing this to your mom?
I didn't do it.
She... She started it first.
She started it first. Why are you picking on me, not her?
It's not my fault.
Why do you blame me?
- You're not supposed to do that! - Excuse me.
Thank you.
It's nothing.
It's just because I can't stand things like that.
Everyone can be in love.
But not everyone can succeed in love.
Why do you think that is?
Erich Fromm, a psychoanalyst...
and a philosopher from America said that...
"Love is irrelevant to maturity,"
"and that not everyone..."
"can achieve it easily."
He's trying to say that...
if you want to succeed in love,
you need to put a lot of effort into maturing your personality.
But it's not like...
Fromm only emphasized the individual's effort.
Have a nice weekend,
and see you next week.
- Yes, Professor. - Thank you.
Attention, please.
We're gathering signatures to demand the resignation of Director Jung.
Please participate.
Yes, he's asking for too much.
The tuition fees are so expensive. We can't even pay for school.
He just wants to drink the students' blood...
to earn money.
- What's wrong? - Gosh.
(Demand for Resignation of the Director)
These students don't really need to go this far.
I didn't know it was your mom.
If you get something like that on your clothes, it's uncomfortable.
It's only right that she got angry.
I was being too...
Who's my mom?
The person I met earlier...
(Jung Nam Gil)
I don't have a mom.
Mind your own business.
He's angry.
I couldn't have possibly known that it was his mom.
Does he really need to hide it like that?
It's not like that.
It's not like that. Why are you doing this to your mom?
I didn't do anything wrong. It was her fault.
Let me go. Let me go!
She did it first!
She did it first! Why would you do this to me?
Guys, if you could be 20-year-old again,
what would you want to do most?
What are you even saying?
Imagine this. You're 38 years old.
But one day, you became a 20-year-old again.
What would you want to do?
I'd want to date someone.
I would probably be married when I'm 38 years old.
That means I have to live with one woman forever.
No, no, no. It's so boring. I can't do that.
You won't live like that.
- Don't worry. - All right.
I'd play everyday like I do right now.
You should ask the person who's turning 20 again,
not us.
It's because I don't really know.
I've been to a night club.
What if you were a girl?
What would you do?
- I'd date someone. - All right.
You should ask a girl, not us.
What's wrong with you?
Hey!
Did you guys take down our posters in the corridor?
Why would we?
We fought over a club matter in the past.
We don't even know what club you're in.
Gosh.
Gosh, who does he think we are?
(Student Union)
What's this?
Hey, hey! Stop. Stop.
(Let's go on a spontaneous trip!)
- Spontaneous trip? - Goodness.
- Hello. - Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Sul.
Today, Sul,
there's a group reservation...
Where did she go?
I'll be in front of the supermarket.
Take your time.
Okay.
Tissues, money,
towels...
(Gunyoung Supermarket)
What is this? Who are you?
- Ta-da! - Ta-da!
What is this? What are you doing?
What do you think?
It's a spontaneous trip!
What?
(Youths that have romantically run away from home!)
Wait a minute. Bean sprouts, tofu,
and ice cream? Who eats ice cream?
"Bong Bong"?
Darling!
- Darling! Darling! - What's wrong?
- What is it? - Darling!
Darling, "Bong Bong" is not here.
What are you talking about? Who's that?
Our car, "Bong Bong".
Bong Bong, my love and my favorite car, is not here.
Right.
I saw Ban Do going through the drawers.
- He must have taken it. - What?
Your license got suspended anyway. You can't ride it.
Just let him.
What? What do you mean?
How can he drive?
His license...
Gosh, my neck's so stiff.
Here, my license.
Gosh, why don't you trust me right away?
Wait, let me see.
Hey, you got this a month ago?
What?
Hey, wait. Stop the car.
I want to get out. Stop the car.
Hey, we should have put up a sign...
saying "Novice Driver" instead of this.
Gosh, I'm not a novice.
I've been driving for 15 years.
Gosh, I'm no novice.
Tell them, Jin Joo.
Gosh, that's not important.
Stop the car.
I can't go.
Aren't you supposed to be working today, Sul?
Yes, I am.
But he let me take time off.
Why don't you like it? I like it.
Let's go. It'll be a great memory in the future.
We won't ever get a chance to leave spontaneously.
Sul won't be able to take time off.
She's right. And I think it's going to be fun.
Let's go, Jin Joo.
Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay!
- Let's go! - Let's go.
Let's go to the sea!
- Let's go! - Let's go!
Go!
A trip?
Yes.
She says that her friends suddenly took her or something.
Gosh, but how could she just leave the bottles over there?
That mindless girl.
It's fine. We found it. That's what's important.
Gosh, these kids,
why are they so spontaneous?
They're still young.
Wait.
Are you sure she went with friends?
Did you hear girls' voices?
Gosh, you're saying unnecessary things again.
It's even better if she went with a boy.
We can send one away.
No.
I haven't figured out if I should...
send her to that rich boy's house or not.
What do you mean?
Are you saying that Seo Jin or whatever is rich?
Did she write that in her journal?
Wait, who's this guy?
Isn't it him?
If not,
is it Choi Ban Do?
Choi Ban Do? It's not him either.
His name was Nam Gil.
Was it Park Nam Gil? Or Kim Nam Gil?
Anyway,
he's the son of the director of Hankook University.
What?
Why would someone like him like my daughter?
What kind of nonsense is this?
What was his name again? Right, Choi Ban Do.
I like him the best.
He looks very smart, so he won't starve her.
Ban Do, I'm hungry.
Are we going to get there within the day, Mr. Driver?
You don't know where you're going, do you?
Do you think I got nothing out of working as a salesman?
I went all around this country to sell drugs.
I have the entire map of Korea in my head.
My gosh.
Goodness, there should be a tunnel somewhere here.
I'm so hungry.
Which tunnel are you talking about?
Daegwallyeong Tunnel. Gangneung Interchange comes right after.
- We're almost there. Hold on. - Hey.
I told you to wait quietly.
No, that's not it.
Where is this Daegwallyeong Tunnel?
What?
Isn't it on the map?
Wait, wasn't it open back in 1999?
Darn it.
What are you doing? I'm hungry. Just stop the car.
There's not a tunnel around here.
I'm so tired.
My goodness.
My gosh.
I didn't know this was a time before there was Daegwallyeong Tunnel.
Where on earth are we?
Exactly. I can't tell because I can't see a thing.
I can't see a thing.
- Take off your sunglasses. - You're right.
- Aren't you hungry? - I am.
I'm starving.
You definitely don't have the map in your head.
Hey, didn't you go grocery shopping?
Of course, I did.
Look.
We'll make pigs sad if we don't eat pork belly...
- when we're on a trip. - Of course.
How much did you get?
I got 600g per person.
And 1.2kg for guys, so I have 5.4kg of meat.
- What? - 5.4kg?
What did these pigs do to deserve this from you?
1.8kg would've been enough.
Who's going to eat all these?
I thought 600g was a single portion.
I hope you didn't only get meat, did you?
No way. What do you think of us?
I got some soup.
Fine, let's eat meat until we drop down and die.
Our stomachs will be surprised.
- Let's eat. - Okay, let's eat.
Wait just a little longer.
You're all of an age when you eat quite a lot.
- It's done. Eat up. - Let's eat!
- Wow. - All right.
My gosh.
- This is great. - It's so good.
Man, Ban Do. You know how to grill meat.
- All right, cheers. - Cheers!
It really feels like we're on a trip. This is so much fun.
I'll put this in here.
Hold back your tears now
Even the sky is blessing us
Like this
The sky is open for us
And you are beside me
You're standing there with a blue smile
Yes, you're the blue ocean
I will love
I won't let anyone find out
It's only for you
Keep your eyes on me
The love that no one knows about
You're so cool!
And bow.
Whenever I look into your eyes
Everything seems like a dream
Of these many people in this world
How did us two end up together?
Maybe it was a miracle
Whenever I am in your arms
I find a new side of me
Before I knew you
I don't remember how I lived
Maybe I was a living dead
How did we miss each other like this?
We were always so close to one another
We do not even have enough time to love each other
- My gosh. - What are they doing here?
Someone wake them up.
- Wake them up. - Hey, wake up.
- Wake up. - What are you doing?
You can't do this in a construction site.
Get up already.
- Get up. - What are you doing?
Are you all crazy?
I'm sorry.
Move these already.
- I'm sorry. - What are you doing here?
My gosh, what?
What? Hey.
Hey, Jin Joo. Wake up.
Hey.
What's with your face?
And what's with you?
My gosh.
Goodness, they're all so childish.
What's with my face?
Ban Do, you little kid!
Wow, that's such a masterpiece.
It's a portrait. That's what you look like when you're angry.
Why would you say that? Darn you.
You look exactly like that.
Why are you erasing it off?
It's really funny though.
Stop laughing at me.
You should look at your own face.
Your face is funnier.
Hey, stop erasing it off.
Are you leaving now?
Yes.
You always look so cool in your uniform.
Is everything all right at school?
It looks like there's a talk about your dad resigning.
He's just reaping what he sowed.
What?
He'll manage to survive no matter what he does,
so don't worry.
It's not that...
[VIU Ver] E09 Go Back Couple "Those Times We Had Been In Love"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Gosh. What?
Let go. Let me go!
Hey. Let go!
Let me go. Now!
Let go!
Goodness.
I should've yanked her hair.
Because of you...
If she dares to...
take even a penny from my son's fortune,
I'm going to... Gosh.
Get out.
Take me to Cheongdam-dong.
Do you like picking up garbage you threw out?
What are you saying?
Why am I your son?
You threw me out like trash,
don't pick it up again.
It's dirty.
What?
My goodness.
Why do you think I came?
I came to give you a gift.
(Jayeon Hospital)
- Dok Jae. - Yes?
Look out the window.
Window?
Hey, wake up!
Ocean to your right! It's the ocean!
- It's really pretty. - Gosh.
There's a lighthouse. It's pretty.
Look at the waves.
- Nice. - Gosh.
I'm so happy!
It's the sea.
We'll arrive at the destination soon.
Let's scream!
Jin Joo, why don't you come in?
I'm okay out here. You go on.
They're so young.
The washroom is locked up.
I never got to wash my face this morning.
Why are you kicking up a fuss here...
when you don't even shower at home?
Just wash yourselves here.
Yes, just do it here.
I don't think there's anywhere else to shower.
- Hey. - What?
Come on.
Hey.
- Hey! You're all dead! - What?
- Hey! - Stop!
Come on.
Don't do it.
Come here!
- Ban Do did it. - I'm sorry.
Why you little...
You're all dead. Hey!
I'll get you!
What are you doing?
Honey, here's some water.
Aren't you tired?
We come here all the time.
I'm not tired at all.
Anyway, is she having fun?
She should stay there longer.
Why is she coming back tomorrow?
No. She has to go to school.
Come on.
Missing a day of school won't kill her.
Kids should play.
You're right.
- It's our turn. - Okay.
The weather's great.
Sir.
Don't you see these jugs lined up?
It's our turn.
Then you should've come here quick.
I'm getting water first because you took so long.
It took 10 seconds for me to get here from there.
What do you mean I took so long?
10 seconds?
1, 2, 3...
I can fill more than half of this jug with 10 seconds.
You should go ahead first.
Honey, it won't be long.
Honey, what's going on? Did you cut in line again?
Gosh.
- I'm sorry. - Why are you saying sorry?
Let me go. Look.
There are water spring ethics and order.
Helping someone get water...
by holding their jugs is ethics and order.
You're so selfish and disrespectful.
What? Selfish and disrespectful?
How dare you talk to a man that way?
What? What did you say?
"How dare you?" How dare you talk to my wife like that?
Goodness. Mister, why are you grabbing him?
- Why you... - Let him go.
- Let him go. - Why you...
- You punk... - I'm sorry.
Gosh.
Goodness.
How dare you grab me by my throat?
Your kids will be learning some great things from you.
- Honey. - My neck.
Hey!
Please, don't.
You better raise your kids right.
I'd hate to have a son-in-law like you, old geezer.
Hey!
Why you stupid...
How dare you throw water at me?
I'd hate to have a daughter-in-law like you.
- Honey, are you okay? - Hey.
Is this it?
It's that Nam Gil?
Why is he here?
This is hard to call coincidence.
This must be fate, don't you think?
Did you call him?
Why would I?
Well...
I called him.
- What? - What?
I'm sorry.
Something urgent came up.
Hey, how can you miss a senior's wedding ceremony?
I had to find someone to replace you last minute.
I'll treat everyone to dinner.
I'm really sorry.
(June 1 - 30, 1999 in Ilwon, Gangneung-si)
(Village attraction, firefly)
Yes.
I don't have a mom.
Mind your own business.
It's all dry now.
It dried up really fast.
Hey.
Hey!
Why are you glaring at him?
It's fun to hang out together.
I think so too.
By the way,
why did you call him?
Do you...
like him?
Do you want me to help you?
Me? No.
He likes...
her.
He came running here when I told him she's here.
My goodness.
You didn't have to tell everyone about this.
Gosh.
Why did he come here like that?
Should we take a photo of him and report him to the ROTC?
Yes.
That he's ruining the name.
He looks really cool.
That's why women fantasize about men in uniforms.
What kind of genre is that?
- See? - See?
Gosh, what's wrong with them?
Are you going to a kindergarten?
Don't you even think about others?
You're the ones wearing it, but we are the ones that see it.
Hey.
Do you want to fight me?
No.
This is so hard to come by.
He's just jealous.
- Right? - Right.
We have two left for tomorrow. Do you want them?
No.
Here.
- It looks delicious. - Eat up.
Thank you.
Why did you come here in that uncomfortable looking suit?
You're making us feel uncomfortable.
I'm not uncomfortable.
Me neither.
I came out to get some fresh air.
I felt stuffy.
You came so far for some fresh air.
But why do you keep talking down to an elder?
Have some respect.
Are you out of your mind?
I'm so much older than him.
- He's out of his mind. - He's crazy.
It's all right.
I don't pay attention to people who don't deserve it.
I don't deserve it?
- No. - Me?
Why is that?
I think you need to be concerned.
If you find out the truth,
you'd be really concerned about me.
- Hey! - Hey!
I... Well...
You shouldn't do that to my guest. What's wrong with you?
I know, right?
But you do look uncomfortable.
Don't you have any clothes to change into?
It's all right.
I got used to it.
But you look cool in that uniform.
- He's handsome too. - Yes.
Thank you.
A man isn't about his looks.
Pass me that.
What? This?
Not that. The one next to it.
What?
It's really great here.
I've never visited Gangneung before.
- Really? - Yes.
So Gangneung is the first place we've traveled together.
Gosh.
Have you been here before?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
Hey, why are you so clumsy?
Gosh, it just got dry.
It's fine. It'll dry off soon.
But it'll smell of beer.
Yes, it'll smell.
There's no choice.
Ta-da! You should wear this.
All right.
I'll give it back to you after I wash it tomorrow.
Excuse me.
Can I wear that too?
My uniform feels so uncomfortable.
I knew it. It looked uncomfortable.
Hey.
I want to wear it.
Why? Your clothes have dried off.
It seems like it became small after it got wet. It feels uncomfortable.
Let go.
Don't you see that I look more uncomfortable?
If you feel uncomfortable, take your tie off.
Aren't you going to let go?
Let go. Let it go.
You should wear mine instead.
I want to wear this.
- What is that? - That looks so funny.
Gosh.
Look.
Gosh, it's the best.
Gosh.
- Gosh. - That's so funny.
(My love)
It's so nice here, isn't it?
It is. It's nice.
Thank you.
For what?
For everything.
If you hadn't found me, and I had taken a leave,
I think I would have regretted it my whole life.
I wouldn't have any memories to recall from the past.
This is all going to be a memory in the future.
I think I came to the right university.
I'm trying to make a lot of good memories too.
I want so many of them so that I can...
recall them continuously when I grow older.
- I want to be a part of that. - All right.
What's this? Why are you leaving me out?
I want to be a part of it. What is it?
You already are.
Why are you still here?
If you're done getting fresh air, you should go home.
Everyone else is fine with me being here.
You're the only one who doesn't like it.
It's six to one.
Gosh, he's driving me crazy.
Come closer!
Why?
You two make a great couple.
Can't you just let them keep them?
They look so nice in them.
Yes, you can have these.
You can have them.
- I don't want it! - I don't want it!
I think they like it.
Gosh.
Walk next to each other.
Hey, lovers!
- How delicious. - Eat up.
- It's fine. - Eat up.
It's so poor.
It doesn't have a head...
nor a tail.
Are you all right, shrimp?
- Let's eat up all the poor shrimps. - Okay.
Gosh.
You can't do anything to this.
Food.
There's no food.
Why would you say that? There's food in front of you.
There's shrimp and peanut snacks.
You should have them.
Poor shrimp.
I'm the poor one. Me. Me!
Why do you always come in when I'm washing?
What are you talking about?
You come in when I'm trying to wash.
You must be so happy.
I'm not sure you realize people like that are handsome...
but empty inside.
He's Jung Nam Gil, the lecturer who earns a hundred thousand dollars.
Don't you remember?
Jung Nam Gil?
Hey, look at that.
He's incredible.
A man who reads history to you, Jung Nam Gil.
Hey, that's the guy...
that liked me.
Really?
Believe what you will.
It's true.
He earns 60 million dollars a year.
I envy him.
Right. Jung Nam Gil. History Major.
Gosh, Ma Jin Joo, you're smart.
Is that why you flirted with him? Because he's rich?
He liked me first.
He doesn't lack anything,
and he even has great taste.
Right? My gosh.
And what did you say?
"Are you hitting on him because he's rich?"
Speak for yourself.
You shouldn't have spoken ill of Doctor Park.
What's she saying?
You two looked great together.
A beautiful young man and a beautiful young woman.
Hey, that's not the case.
Gosh. What does she think of me?
In your memories
I want to become someone you long to see
Why are you watching TV when you're on a trip?
Why did you want to come to Gangneung of all places?
There's a reason.
Are you going somewhere?
Yes. Right, do you know where Jin Joo is?
No.
Have you seen Jin Joo?
Oh, she went out for a walk.
What are you doing?
I looked around the neighborhood.
Why don't you take another look?
I want to take a walk too.
There were a lot of stars in the sky during this time.
Is it because I'm in the countryside?
Hey.
Two days ago, I was a bit...
"I don't have a mom. Mind your own business."
Are you talking about that?
When did I do that?
I didn't say it like that.
I thought you were all grown up because you're so tall,
but you're still a rebellious teenager.
I meant it when I told you to mind your own business.
So what you said about not having a mom isn't true.
Everyone has a mom.
Whether she's halfway around the world or deceased,
she's got to be somewhere.
Do you think you're Park Hyeok Geo Se?
The guy who was born from an egg?
Everyone has their own story.
Right.
Every family has a story.
You need to love her a lot while you can see her...
and touch her.
It's your loss later on.
Wait.
You're talking down to me again.
And so is he.
My goodness. This town is beautiful.
Look over there.
How beautiful.
Hello, excuse me.
Over there.
Over there? Thank you.
I think we came a bit too far.
I think the road ended.
You're right.
Let's go back.
Something's there.
Stop it. You're scaring me.
These are...
They're fireflies.
Right, it's their season.
Wow, this is so beautiful.
It's cold.
But I'm cold too.
I think it's around here somewhere.
Oh, it's here.
Right, do you know where Jin Joo is?
No.
When I call you later, bring her out, okay?
You have to.
Come on.
Hello? Ban Do.
Hey, why won't he say anything?
Have you ever been to Gangneung before?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
There was...
once a time when my universe revolved around...
only you.
(Epilogue)
Goodness.
People say a thief who learned it late forgets about the sunrise.
That's exactly this situation.
Take your hand off.
No, take your hand off.
Come on, do it.
You take your hand off.
Gosh.
This is why habits are scary, kid.
Why you...
(Go Back Couple)
Jin Joo should meet someone nice this time and be happy.
She's still young.
Is Bo Reum a shaman? Did she put a spell?
I'll protect her!
Do you think Mom will be with us forever?
Don't regret it later.
Are you okay? Why doesn't your back get better ever?
I heard it from the medical school students.
They said he went after Jin Joo that night and harassed her.
Not the earthquake records, but predictions.
When will there be another earthquake in Seoul?